hello yep that's my catchphrase just
hello and so now my internet has been
fixed after many many days of nothing
and so I can start playing again cool so
I'm demonstrating the one man army park
which is in my opinion the most
underrated and underused perk the first
part I I'd say I come across it once
every I don't know what what 10 games
maybe it's just really uncommon and I
say the main reason the best way to use
it and I'm not saying you should use
like this because its kind kind of a bit
cheap I'd say the best way to use it is
as wings of redemption demonstrated
which is with grenade launchers danger
close your assault rifle of choice and I
can't remember what the third book was
anything and basically can just keep
shooting them reload get more keep
shooting them and the he demonstrated
getting about what hundred kills of that
or something so really and I know people
are going to say oh my god don't tell
them that they'll do it well to be
honest good so if they do it at least
they'll patch the grenade launchers I
don't have a problem with them I'm just
thinking they should just be one of them
instead of two because well you get one
c4 and one claim or so it would make
sense that one grenade launcher to I
don't know I don't really have a problem
i'm just saying that would make sense
anyways starts off a bit slow but I've
got some stuff to talk about a lot
people have been asking me in personal
messages asked in a stutter asking why I
stuffed it so much what I do my fucking
compound but anyway I'll choke let's
start again a lot of people asking how
to get a YouTube channel all started up
how to I guess get yourself known as a
call of duty player and commentator now
I'd say that them I don't know how many
people will agree of this but I'll look
at this fight
well I'd say the most important part of
doing these is the actual person behind
it the commentary the personality etc
now I can't comment on why my channel is
well known because I'm not really sure
but the way to go about it is basically
patience I mean I split I had about 200
videos uploaded of World War videos
before I got to what 1000 subs so
basically just keep at it and definitely
an important thing to have is a
definitive commentary style I'll take
seen eyes as an example here if he
doesn't mind he not so long ago I
believe started off with some World War
videos and extremely quickly he is
channel guru that kind of massively and
everyone knows in now and that was
probably partly down to his games and
also down to his unique start a
commentary that everyone recognizes him
from so I guess just you know make it so
people remember you if you have a unique
name it's memorable I don't know the
capture card isn't actually that
important I mean yeah it's good to have
like you know high definition gameplay
or whatever but there's plenty of people
out there using dazzles and easy cabs
that are doing just as well my first
capture card was actually an easycap aka
the easy crap which cost me I was a
knock at the door do you want to trying
to help me out with this Charlotte
Joyner that means no okay
fuckin idiot so hmm so yeah an easy caps
about ten pound of ebay so if you want
to start off with that is is pretty good
way to start in terms of helping with
actual technical issues with the with
all the capture cards I can't really
give much advice I mean I I'm not an
expert on the video stuff I just messed
around with the settings instead of got
it right um but there's plenty of
tutorials on YouTube here that I used to
set up my Z cap and stuff so yeah so
this guy wax me over the head with his
stinger missile apparently so I've got a
few deaf that start here but it kind of
picks up so I switched to my danger
close one strategy already like to use
one man army is now I start off with a
big heavy machine gun like this stuff
picked the mg for holographic because
it's easy to use and you can just keep
spraying and spraying until you look
until you run out instead of reloading
then you choose one man army get it back
out again switch to my danger close
thing because it will help the pave low
out of it and you know it might be cool
to have two things with 11 army so you
can basically switch between them
because once you've switched away from
it that's it you're stopped on it now if
you really want you can continuously
switch to the same one and recharge or
your mo all your grades click claim or
whatever is you have that's a I like to
do that with claymores you can only have
two down at once like with scavenger but
what I like to do is lay two down when
I'm in a spot and then when I move I
basically move the claymores with me so
you know kind of just lame or as I'm
going along and I find out a really
useful tactic especially with a a big
heavy slow gun like a light machine gun
where you can't really rush and you you
know you've really gotta be careful we
don't let people get too close to you
and think I'm stuck it videos coming to
an end so um
I've also put a link to a game on
persona gaming that i did with one Mon
Ami if you want to see more and also on
on doubled your double George channel we
did a dual commentary yesterday i think
so that's up should be up by now so if
you want to see that then go click